gh-134158: Fix PyREPL coloring of double braces in f/t-strings (#134159)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2025-05-17-20-44-51.gh-issue-134158.ewLNLp.rst

> Fix PyREPL coloring of double braces in f-strings and t-strings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix coloring of double braces in f-strings and t-strings in the :term:`REPL`.
```
